So, now, let's talk about
Amazon S3 pre-signed URLs.
So, they are URLs you can generate using the S3 console,
the CLI or the SDK, and the URL has an expiration.
So if you use the console, it's up to 12 hours
and if use the CLI, you can go up to 168 hours.
So, the idea is that when you generate a pre-signed URL,
the user that will get that URL will inherit the permissions
of the user that generated that URL for a GET or a PUT.
So what's the use case?
Well, say you have an S3 bucket and it's private,
and you want to give someone outside of AWS
access to one file.
You don't want to make that file public.
You don't want to make that file in any way
that would break your security, right?
So, you as your bucket owner or the user,
you're going to generate a pre-signed URL out of this file,
and the S3 Bucket will give you a URL.
That URL is going to be pre-signed,
meaning that it will carry over your credentials,
in terms of authorization to access that file.
Then you will send this URL to the target user
that you want to give access to the file
for a limited amount of time.
And then that user, sorry,
will be using the URL to access the file
on the S3 Buckets.
And then you will get a file back from the S3 buckets,
and the user has being able to download it, for example.
So, pre-signed URL are a very, very common use case
when it comes to temporary access to one specific file
for download or even for upload.
So, the examples are to only allow logged-in users
to download a premium video of your S3 bucket
or to allow an ever-changing list of users
to download files by generating URLs dynamically,
or to allow, temporarily, a user to upload a file
to a precise location in your S3 bucket,
while maintaining your S3 bucket private.
So that's it for this lecture,
and I will see you in the next lecture for some hands on.